The Joe Rogan experience.
The problem is it's so delicious. Well that's, you know,
and those keto desserts are mostly. Be.
Honestly, no, it, I, I just have to roll my eyes, the,
the paleo treats and the keto desserts and the, you know,
all these things are like trying to come up with a version. Yeah.
It's almost like, you know, beyond meat, trying to come up with piece of steak,
that's made out of an, you know, of vegetables. And,
and now here we are trying to create a,
a sugary dessert that looks like a dessert and tastes like a dessert,
but is made with a erythritol and AOSE and all this.
Other stuff. I'm glad you brought that up,
cuz I think there's real promise in these, uh,
these meats that are made in a laboratory in terms of their
cloning meat, you know,
they're taking meat and reproducing it and I've seen some of these really
strange looking 3d printed steaks, but it's actual animal tissue.
Um,
but these meat substitutes that are made with seed
oils. Yeah. Uh, just horrible, just horrible knowing that,
and there was a study and we've talked about it on the podcast where they fed
rats, these, these things, and they had horrible rats eat each other.
They eat everything. Yeah. They eat garbage. Yeah, they're fine. Yep. They,
those, they eat those fake burgers and they were sick as.
I know they started getting liver problems. Yep.
Yeah. I, I, I can't explain it. Um, it's.
Amazing how many people think that those things are.
Good for you beyond oh, beyond amazing. Um, yeah. <laugh> it's impossible.
Oh wait. No, <laugh> it's uh, it's just, it's just nuts.
It's just nuts that, that the, again,
that the collective conscience of the country would rally around something.
So in AE some, so,
so antithetical to health and in the name of saving
the climate or saving the animals or whatever, uh, there's never gonna be any,
well, not in our lifetime, even the cell, you know, the,
the matrix lab grown meat, the cell cell based stuff,
still lacks a lot of the nutrients. You know,
you have to have the infusion of the capital areas and all of the stuff,
you have to have a, a real animal to get the full impact of all.
This. They needed clone, headless animals with no souls. Yeah, exactly.
That's what they needed to do. Yeah. I mean.
Yeah. But then they would have to exercise in order to be like really delicious.
That's the thing, like the difference between a wild game animal. Yeah.
And an animal that's stuck in a pen like veal. Yeah.
Which disgusting wild game animal, rich and red and dark. And it's,
it's denser. It's more chewy, right. Because it's a, it's a denser healthy. And.
You think you're gonna get that from a lab grown? No. No. So, you know, we're.
Back to you get a headless elk, I mean,
steroids and you have running on a treadmill.
That's pat that Jamie make a note. Um, yeah. It's I think,
you know, regenerative agriculture is,
is the way we need to go to feed the world, uh,
not through ceasing growing animals and trying to do it all in the lab.
I think is, well, Rob Wolf has a new book out and he was supposed to be on, um,
right around April, but a bunch of went down and we're,
we're gonna have him on again. Uh, but his Bo his book is about that. Yeah.
His book is all about the benefits of regenerative agriculture. Yeah.
The people that are skeptical though,
don't think that we could do it at a scale that's necessary to provide as many P
people with meat as eat meat in this country because of fast food production,
fast food production, the way they believe the, the way I've,
I've heard it argued. And it makes a lot of sense.
Is that the scale in which we're consuming meat in this country because of
fast food requires factory farming to keep up with it.
Well, for now it does. But you know, there's a,
there's gotta be a tipping point.
There's gotta be a point at which we have to recognize that by,
by concentrating everything in our world, not just food,
but all of these different concentrations,
that there's a point at which we can't satisfy people's needs. And, and, and,
uh, and so I see us sort of going back to the cottage industry, farm,
the local grown, you know, the local farmers. I mean,
I would love to see if there's gonna be any subsidies in agriculture.
It should be for, for local,
for local small farms that are trying to do regenerative agriculture and,
and reclaim the top soil and, and, you know,
build back instead of continuously depleting.
It. Yeah, I think so too.
And I think one of the interesting things is that one of the big arguments
against everyone eating vegetables is mono crop agriculture,
which is essentially what you would need. This is the real problem.
It becomes a conundrum because everyone, I think everyone with a moral,
with a heart and a soul that factory farming in terms of
animals is disgusting. It's horrible. Yep.
But I don't think they understand the horrors of mono crop agriculture and
how bad it is. Yeah. It's so bad for the environment.
It's so bad for the soil. It's bad for the animals. It's,
it's terrible for all the wildlife that gets moved and,
and displaced because of the fact that you have, you know,
4,000 acres of corn or some crazy like that. Yeah.
And when they churn that corn up with a combine,
a lot of dies.
There is no way you're gonna go out there and hand pick 4,000 acres of corn.
You're not going to do it. Right. You use machinery during that machinery.
It's indiscriminate. It chews up everything. Yeah.
Not only that you have to use some sort of pesticides.
You have to use something that discourages predation.
You have to use all these different methods to keep animals. Look,
if you have 4,000 acres of corn, you're gonna have a,
a food source where animals are gonna swarm in and all of your crops,
that's what they would do. If that was a,
it was a normal thing that occurred in the wild. If in the wild,
all of a sudden, outta nowhere, there was 4,000 acres of naturally grow,
growing vegetables. That would be one of the most wildlife rich areas.
A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Yeah.
So how do they keep that from happening? Well, they do with poison. They,
they discourage it with, with pesticides, with, uh,
all sorts of different methods of eliminating insects.
If you care about insects, they destroy insect populations, insects,
which are also critical to the growth of the soil. It's like,
there's this natural cycle.
So then they have to add a bunch of nitrogen and to the soil.
And they estimate that, that we have, like, I think the latest estimation,
Jamie looked this up, the United States farmlands have,
I believe 60 more seasons in, I heard 50,
but yeah, it's.
A, it's that number. Yeah. It's a, which is, it's a dwindling number.
It's a diminishing number until all of the.
Nutrients are depleted. You and me might be dead,
but Jamie's gonna ride this out. Jamie's gonna be here at the end of crops.
He's.
Gonna be in this bunker with his cell lab grown meat. Yeah.
I'll be, uh, 113 hooked up to an IV N a D machine. And,
and Jamie will be, uh, he'll be out there trucking, eaten lab grown carrots.
I just don't understand why people don't recognize that both these things are
terrible. Yep. Factory farming is terrible. And this mono crop agriculture,
and this is the argument they always use.
We need these mono crop agriculture things to feed animals. Well, no we don't.
No, no. What you need is natural grasslands, which is what these,
when you saw you, when the,
the settlers saw millions of bison running across the, the planes,
what were they eating? Were they eating mono crop, GMO, soy? No, they weren't.
They were eating grass. That's what they're supposed to eat. Yeah.
And when they do that, they on the ground,
that fertilizes the grasses and fertilizes all the other plants.
And then you have this whole ecosystem of animals that exist within these,
within these fields. And it's supposed to be that way.
They're supposed to coexist together and they work together symbiotically to
make sure that, and you can do that. At least we've,
we've demonstrated on small scale. And this is what Rob's book is about.
And a lot of other people have talked about this as well, that when it's done,
it actually produces a carbon neutral effect. Yeah. Nature.
Always has.
The best answer. Catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog Jr E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app. Go to Spotify.
I now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.